Add vcpkg mention to the documentation (#69)
brenocq/implot3d: README.md

To integrate ImPlot3D into your application, follow these steps:

1. Ensure you have a working Dear ImGui environment. ImPlot3D requires only Dear ImGui to function and does not depend on ImPlot.

> 2. Add the following source files to your project: `implot3d.h`, `implot3d.cpp`, `implot3d_internal.h`, `implot3d_items.cpp`. Optionally, include `implot3d_demo.cpp` for examples and `implot3d_meshes.cpp` to support pre-loaded meshes. Alternatively, you can get ImPlot3D using [vcpkg](https://github.com/microsoft/vcpkg/tree/master/ports/implot3d).

Reviewer: I think it would be better to use the `vcpkg.link` instead of GitHub link, this way the person can get installation instructions right away

```suggestion
2. Add the following source files to your project: `implot3d.h`, `implot3d.cpp`, `implot3d_internal.h`, `implot3d_items.cpp`. Optionally, include `implot3d_demo.cpp` for examples and `implot3d_meshes.cpp` to support pre-loaded meshes. Alternatively, you can get ImPlot3D using [vcpkg](https://vcpkg.link/ports/implot3d).
```

Author: Yes, it's better indeed. 😉
